[12.0][IMP] Improve usage with tips (#173)
OCA/queue: queue_job/readme/ROADMAP.rst

.. code-block:: sql

  update queue_job set state='pending' where state in ('started', 'enqueued')

Tips and tricks
---------------

* **Idempotency** (https://www.restapitutorial.com/lessons/idempotency.html): The queue_job should be idempotent so they can be retried several times without impact on the data.

> * **The job should test at the very beginning its revelency**: the moment the job will be executed is unknown by design. So the first task of a job should be to check if the related work is still relevent at the moment of the execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **The job should test at the very beginning its relevance**: the moment the job will be executed is unknown by design. So the first task of a job should be to check if the related work is still relevant at the moment of the execution.
```

Patterns
~~~~~~~~
Through the time, two main patterns emerged:

> 1. For data exposed to client, a model should store the data and the model should be the creator of the job. The job is kept hidden from the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For data exposed to users, a model should store the data and the model should be the creator of the job. The job is kept hidden from the users
```

> 2. For technical data, that are not exposed to the client, it is priviledged to create directly jobs, without intermediary models. The jobs are then used to check the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For technical data, that are not exposed to the users, it is generally alright to create directly jobs with data passed as arguments to the job, without intermediary models.
```
